docs(recurring job): behavior changed (#678)
longhorn/website: content/docs/1.3.3/deploy/important-notes/index.md

4. There are two important fixes that will prevent rarely potential data corruption during replica rebuilding, and also improve write performance via the specific filesystem block size.
   - [4354](https://github.com/longhorn/longhorn/issues/4354): Introduce Data Alignment Correction for existing volumes if the filesystem block size is less than 4096.
   - [4594](https://github.com/longhorn/longhorn/issues/4594): Use the specific block size for the filesystem to avoid unnecessary Ready-Modify-Write operations between volume head and snapshots.

> 5. After the upgrade, the behavior of recurring job task types `Snapshot` and `Backup` will be changed to check the number of old snapshots first. If the number of old snapshots exceeds the retain count, older snapshots will be cleaned up first before taking a new snapshot. And introduce two new recurring job task types `Snapshot Force Create` and `Backup Force Create` and the new task type `Snapshot Force Create` will behave the same as the original behavior of the task type `Snapshot` as well as task types `Backup Force Create` and `Backup`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. After the upgrade, the behavior of the recurring job types `Snapshot` and `Backup` will attempt to delete old snapshots first if they exceed the retained count before creating a new snapshot. Additionally, two new recurring job types have been introduced, `Snapshot Force Create` and `Backup Force Create`. They retain the original behavior of taking a snapshot or backup first before deleting outdated snapshots.
```

Author: Modified. Thanks
